we are connecting devices on the network
power and information transfer when
connecting output devices
designed electrical cord by
their purpose they are divided into
telephone
audiovideo computer and network
telephone wires are meant to
signaling such lick funds
telephone apparatus and from apparatus to
the tube
they have a flat or cast construction
length from two to twenty five meters and
can be additionally equipped
splitter connectors or potatoes
compact storage
The main connector types of these rj11 cords
and publicly
audio and video cord and is designed to
signal transmission receiver
tv radio receiver receiver on
end device player
amplifier speaker system with
using different threads
data transmission
crown of elliptical cords as a group
include fiber optic cables with
connectors last also to this group
refer adapters are designed to
connections between each other
cables and devices with different connector
audio and video transmission
computer cords are not designed
computer system unit connection with
peripheral monitor modem printer and
so on and to connect it to
information network or another
the computer also includes this group
loop cable for internal circuit diagrams
calculate on the topic
power cords used to
connect the device to the physical network
may have contact on one side
plug or socket standard
sample on the other side of the forks when
household mains the most important parameter
power cord is
maximum current depending on which
through this that can be connected
device of various power
based on the ratio of 5 content
beekeeper load 50 20 here also in
This group includes
low voltage cords for connection
various car network devices
through the cigarette lighter socket